do not use prepared statements for mutations, close #2012 (#5255)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

- server: add new `--conn-lifetime` and `HASURA_GRAPHQL_PG_CONN_LIFETIME` options for expiring connections after some amount of active time (#5087)
- server: shrink libpq connection request/response buffers back to 1MB if they grow beyond 2MB, fixing leak-like behavior on active servers (#5087)

> - server: prepared statements are not used in mutations which should fix memory leaks for mutation heavy workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- server: disable prepared statements for mutations as they cause single-use prepared statements and bloat memory for mutation heavy workloads.
```
